Okay welcome back.
So now we've got all those strings available for translation.
We want to move on and do the same for functions.
So we're mentioned in the last video.
That function such as the pager for the next on the previous posts.
They also have text inside the brackets.
So we need to do this in a slightly different way than we did before.
It's still very easy to do.
So we start with a similar kind of wait before so we use the comma and then put in the text the main
of tranquil w.p..
But this time before and after one a strong D in some extra buckets and then used to undo scores and
then close up broke off at the end and then do the same in new posts.
So the colmer BE text main tranquil w.p. then and the open in brackets are the two underscores.
And then close our second brucker off there.
And was he got a pager in the news template.
So he'd go to the page for news and then down at the bottom will do exactly the same.
So for the all the posts in a text the main.
Tranquil wpe and any extra sorona brackets the two underscores close off.
And the same for the new posts.
There we go.
And there is one or two to change in the functions file.
So head to the functions drop the HP and then exchange the browser text.
But it looks as though you jumped the gun in the last video and added the text the main in there.
But this is actually a function so we need to do the same A4 with the brackets the two and the scores
and then close the second brucker off.
And then let's look for the.
Print a statement so scroll down to the bottom so the way to do this with a variable in there is by
adding need to underscores scores in the.
And then after the string are in the text the main of tranquil WP.
And then say that.
OK I said that it's just a slightly different way of preparing the text if it's part of a function.
OK that's all were female translation ready.
We know told WordPress which words want to make available for translation.
Okay so that's it soul will leave that video there.
And if you join me in the next video will download some software which will pull out these words which
you've made translatable and it will put them all into a template and allow us to actually translate
the words we'll see there.